Loki: Add more details about usage reporting to the docs and default config files. (#5767)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/configuration/_index.md

The `analytics` block configures the reporting of Loki analytics to grafana.com

```yaml

> # By default, Loki will send anonymous but uniquely identifiable usage and configuration analytics to Grafana Labs.
> # Stats are sent to https://stats.grafana.org/
> #
> # Stats are very helpful for us to better understand how Loki is used, and what performance for most users is like.
> # This helps us prioritize features and documentation.
> # For more information on what's sent look at https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/main/pkg/usagestats/stats.go
> # Check out the buildReport method to see what goes into a report.
> #

Reviewer: I'm injecting newlines so that the rendered web pages won't need a horizontal scroll bar. And, I've reworded. If you're ok with the wording, can you propagate this change to both of the YAML example files?

```suggestion
# By default, Loki will send anonymous, but uniquely-identifiable usage and configuration
# analytics to Grafana Labs. These statistics are sent to https://stats.grafana.org/
#
# Statistics help us better understand how Loki is used, and they show us performance
# levels for most users. This helps us prioritize features and documentation.
# For more information on what's sent, look at
# https://github.com/grafana/loki/blob/main/pkg/usagestats/stats.go
# Refer to the buildReport method to see what goes into a report.
#
```
